A music friend (musf) is another DiggerHub account whose ratings are used to
fill out unrated songs.  When you add a musf, the musf's ratings are
downloaded and their rating information is used to create a starting point
for unrated songs.  Any songs with ratings are left alone, musfs only
provide initial ratings for unrated songs.  There is no aggregate musf
concept.  You add individual musfs whose musical tastes you trust.

Merging is done by title/artist/album.  A song title is required by
DiggerHub, and in the absence of file metadata from the import process,
Digger may synthesize a title using the file path to allow for hub sync.
Songs without proper metadata are unlikely to merge when serving as musf
information for other users.  Local songs that have not been played yet and
are missing title/artist/album values won't be found for merge.

There is no wildcard matching with missing artist/album values.  If a song
does not have album metadata, it will match other songs that do not have
album metadata.  Album metadata is always desirable for a song since a live
version or an extended dance mix version should not get the same rating
values as the original version or radio edit.  It might feel wrong that the
greatest hits album version of the song won't match the original release
version despite being equivalent, but no merge is better than inappropriate
merge.  Merge requires an exact match of title/artist/album.

Friend ratings are fetched and merged when the musf is added, selected for
display, or if the "Check For Ratings" button is clicked.

Friend data and processing information:
  - account.musfs (working info rebuilt if musf removed and re-added)
  - cachePath/musf_<musfId>.json (rebuilt if missing or version mismatch)
  - digdat.json (rebuilt if deleted, but without contributed musf ratings)
  - diggerhub Collab historical records written as ratings imported

When you add a musf, your account info is updated on DiggerHub, the musf is
displayed, and fetch/merge kicks off.  Friend data is retrieved ordered by
modified (oldest first) and ratings are merged into unrated songs.  The
fetch/merge process repeats specifying "since" of the most recently received
song until there are no more songs received.

Received musf songs are organized by title/artist/album.  Merge consists of
walking your songs and trying to look up any unrated tracks in the musf
data.  If found, the musf rating info is copied into your song data, the
"filled" count for the musf is incremented, and a hub Collab entry is
created.  The fetch/merge process repeats for each batch of songs returned
for the musf.


