A music friend is someone who helps you with unrated songs, and/or suggests
new music matching what you want to hear.  You add music friends by email
address, with up to 4 music friends active at a time.

When friends fill out default rating information, Digger fetches music using
those ratings.  If you adjust the ratings while a song is playing, then your
friend's default ratings are discarded.  If you deactivate a friend, ratings
they have contributed stick around.  If you remove a friend, then their
default ratings are removed.

When you update your active music friends, or click the info button next to
an active music friend.  Digger calls /api/mfcontrib on the hub.  If you are
running music locally, any songs not on the hub yet are first uploaded so
they will be available for collaboration.  If this is your first time
collaborating, and you have a lot of local music, the initial upload might
take a few minutes.  After that, only new songs you add need to be uploaded.
Uploading new music resets the checksince time for all of your music friends
and restarts the collaboration process.

DiggerHub collaboration walks through your active music friends in order,
checking each friend to see if they can contribute default ratings for songs
you haven't rated yet.  Up to 200 rated songs are returned per call.  The
checksince attribute for each music friend is updated with either the
creation time of the last song rating contributed, or the current time if
the friend has no more song ratings left to contribute.  After
collaborations are updated, friend ratings are checked at most once a day.

If you are using a streaming service like Spotify where you have access to
music you have not previously played, songs on deck may include suggestions
from your active music friends.

